Cloud SIEM light theme (#3977)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/cse/introduction-to-cloud-siem.md

import Iframe from 'react-iframe'; 

## Cloud SIEM user interface

### Access Cloud SIEM

To access Cloud SIEM, click **Cloud SIEM** in the Sumo Logic navigation menu. 

> Cloud SIEM must be enabled by Sumo Logic before it is accessible to users in your organization. For more information, see [Onboarding Checklist for Cloud SIEM Administrators](/docs/cse/get-started-with-cloud-siem/onboarding-checklist-cse/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloud SIEM must be enabled by Sumo Logic before it is accessible to users in your organization. If you would like to use Cloud SIEM in your organization, contact your Sumo Logic account representative.
```

### Theme

import Theme from '../reuse/theme.md';

<Theme/>

### Heads Up Display

> The first screen you see when you access Cloud SIEM is the Heads Up Display, a single pane of information about your environment. In the center you see a radar showing insights in the center, surrounded by the signals and records used to generate the insights. On the left is summary information, and on the right is recent activity. Use this screen as the starting place for your investigations, focusing on insights as the most valuable place to start. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first screen you see when you access Cloud SIEM is the Heads Up Display, a single pane of information about your environment.  Use this screen as the starting place for your investigations, focusing on insights as the most valuable place to start. 

In the center, you'll see a radar showing insights, surrounded by the signals and records used to generate the insights. On the left is summary information, and on the right is recent activity.
```
